## Question

In the process of using the ML model, we need to observe whether the data has doppelgänger effects in order to screen the appropriate drugs more efficiently and accurately. Data samples with functional doppelgänger effects will have similar experimental results, which will affect the results obtained by the ML model. Therefore, we need to find data samples with the functional doppelgänger effect in time and reduce its impact. For the method of identifying data with the doppelgänger effect, one method is the sorting method, such as principal component analysis or embedding method. However, because the doppelgänger effect of data cannot be distinguished in the dimensionality reduction space, this method is not feasible. In the early stage, there is a method called dupChecker, but it cannot detect true data doppelgängers. Another method is to measure the linear correlation between two variables with the Pearson correlation coefficient (PCCs). In statistics, the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient is a measure of the linear correlation (dependence) between two variables X and Y, giving a value between +1 and -1 inclusive, where 1 is a total positive linear correlation, 0 is no linear correlation (maybe a more complicated relationship), and -1 is a total negative linear correlation. It is widely used in the sciences as a measure of the degree of linear dependence between two variables. And the pairwise Pearson correlation coefficient (PPCC) is to find the relationship between a pair of samples, giving a value, denoting that the higher the value, the more data doppelgängers.

From the paper, we know that doppelgänger effects apply to independently acquired data with similarities, and the data doppelgängers are able to perform well in computational models regardless of the training method. Doppelgänger effects may occur in a variety of fields, and their effects on biomedical data analysis cannot be neglected due to the high abundance and their confounding nature. The article demonstrates the abundance of Doppelgänger effects by showing examples such as the evaluation of existing chromatin interaction prediction systems and quantitative structure–activity relationship (QSAR) models. Moreover, the researchers underlined the existing challenges in the standardization of procedures in eliminating data similarities. Since the doppelgänger effect can occur in many areas, so it is not unique to biomedical data.

The article also mentions using K-Nearest Neighbours Models, Naïve Bayes Models, and Decision Tree Models to discover the correlation between data. In statistics, for discrete data variables, we can also use hypothesis tests, information gain, neural networks, and other methods. For continuous data variables, we can also judge their correlation according to the covariance of the data.

Since it is difficult to directly delete data with the doppelgänger effect during data preprocessing, the article mentioned three ways to improve this problem. The first method is to use meta-data as a guide for careful cross-checking, and then use the results of PPCC to evaluate. The information in meta-data can be used to classify the data that may have the doppelgänger effect into training sets or verification sets, so as to effectively prevent the occurrence of the doppelgänger effect. Then when using the ML model, the training sets and verification sets are not duplicates or highly similar samples. The second method is to layer the data at different levels of similarity, and evaluate the ML model performance of each layer of data. The third method is to carry out an extremely robust independent verification check on the data. Different verification methods can improve the objectivity of the classifier to varying degrees, which also illustrates the scalability of the model.
